TINY-8947: prevent inline text pattern to trigger when end match and start don't (#8159)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Line separator scrolling in floating toolbars. #TINY-8948
- A double bottom border appeared on inline mode editor for the `tinymce-5` skin. #TINY-9108
- The editor header showed up even with no menubar and toolbar configured. #TINY-8819

> - Inline text pattern does not trigger if it matches only the end but not the start. #TINY-8947

Reviewer: We prefer to use past tense with changelog messages

```suggestion
- Inline text pattern no longer triggers if it matches only the end but not the start. #TINY-8947
```

Author: fixed

> - Similar inline match are now managed correctly #TINY-8949

Author: done
